Release 4.8.0 (#239)
blackbaud/skyux-lists: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.8.0 (2021-07-06)

> - Added the `loading` input to the infinite scroll component to allow for setting the loading state explicitly. The default behavior watches for DOM updates which can cause an excessive number of `scrollEnd` events and lead to poor performance. [#238](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lists/pull/238)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `loading` input to the infinite scroll component to explicitly set the loading state. By default, the component watches for DOM updates, which can cause an excessive number of `scrollEnd` events and lead to poor performance. [#238](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-lists/pull/238)
```
